that's this fun yeah I can kind of
relate when in the pace car it's it's a
good feeling and we went out and did
some laps there and we're gonna drive
the car back to North Carolina since
this nice nice to give stuff away
especially when someone else is paying
for it that was pretty cool yeah right
around the track and getting to meet
Dario to start with and then the rider
on the track and in the car and finally
have him hand me the keys was that
resistance spectacular yes he does yeah
and the really cool part was he was
explaining the way to track works with
the cars and the wind and the wind was
from a different direction today than it
normally is and he was explaining how
that worked and how it affected the cars
and the different tires on the street
car versus the Indy cars and the way
each corner was different and yeah it
was pretty cool and as we went we picked
up speed so you could feel how each
corner was different so it was yeah it
was an awesome right I think it is I
think it's great that the you know the
the series in indianapolis 500 are kind
of doing something really cool for the
four real indy car fans and i can't
think of anything nicer get than to get
one of the pace cars there because
there's no big chips given up the car
that one so for those guys to get the
pace car is pretty cool so they said it
was feeling pretty quick and then I
pointed out we're actually doing pace
car speed and that way I came as a bit
of a shock and then we got in the back
straight and got to the above main teeth
a little bit put it that way too sure
what kind of show the performance of the
car a little bit but I think it just
shows how quick the Indy cars are when
we've got to back to the pits and I ran
down the pit lane at 60 they were
shocked her fast that felt explained
that was Pete that was peddling speed
yeah just come and be give him a real or
more of an understanding of what what
goes on out there so it was fun it was
fun to do that and to see the reaction
to the 21 in the car it felt quicker
than i expected it to because i thought
you just can't be that fast but i cannot
imagine what to
must feel like I really thought you
oughta biblical crawl in the car at
least do 150 180 and be comfortable
right right out of the box so to speak
and I don't think so we're going to
bring the car back next year and i would
think maybe just while the fans are here
if the car shows up out on the track and
say hey here's here's the common guy
that won the car by renewing his tickets
and that's all they did take a look at
this guy you can be in the same spot
next year